# Prediction-of-Credit-Card-Aproval-based-on-ML
Utilise machine Learning approaches to predict Credit card approval based on customer data 
Credit risk as the board in banks basically centers around deciding the probability of a customer's default or credit decay and how expensive it will end up being assuming it happens. It is important to consider major factors and predict beforehand the probability of consumers defaulting given their conditions. Which is where a machine learning model comes in handy and allows the banks and major financial institutions to predict whether the customer, they are giving the loan to, will default or not. This project builds a machine learning model with the best accuracy possible using python. First we load and view the dataset. The dataset has a combination of both mathematical and non-mathematical elements, that it contains values from various reaches, in addition to that it contains a few missing passages. We preprocess the dataset to guarantee the AI model we pick can make great expectations. After the information is looking great, some exploratory information examination is done to assemble our instincts. Finally, we will build a machine learning model that can predict if an individual's application for a credit card will be accepted. Using various tools and techniques we then try to improve the accuracy of the model. This project uses Jupyter notebook for python programming to build the machine learning model. Using Data Analysis and Machine Learning, we attempted to determine the most essential parameters for obtaining credit card acceptance in this project.
